- TWO CITIES -

Members: Bob Somers, Chris Gibson, Clovas Hansen, David Hakken,
Kennedy Owen, Sean Forsberg
CSC 476 - Spring 2010
Final Project submission: June 10, 2010


Compiling instructions
----------------------

To compile, enter:
	make
To clean up, enter:
	make clean


Execution instructions
----------------------

Before execution, make sure the server and client are both connecting on
computers on the same network, and that you know the IP of the server.
To check for the server's IP, in a Terminal, use "ifconfig". In Unix/Linux,
it should be under eth0 or wlan0, as the "inet addr". The whole number and
the periods are needed when connecting to a server (first option) on the
main menu. Example: 127.0.0.1 is a valid IP if the server is on the same
computer; 197.128.175.231 is also a valid IP address.

To run, use three Terminals (preferrably on two-three computers).
In the first Terminal (Server), enter:
	./2cities-server
In the second Terminal (Player One), enter:
	./2cities-client [-pretty | -fullscreen]

		-pretty: Enables extra bloom and shader effects; this
		flag is built for higher-end machines.

		-fullscreen: Runs the game in full screen mode.

In the third Terminal (Player Two), enter the same as for the second Terminal.


Game controls
----------------------
Menu
	Left click, Enter					confirm
	Right click, Esc					backtrack
	Up & Down Arrow Keys, Scroll wheel	switch between options
	'['									stop music

Build
	'aswd'								movement keys
	Right click->drag on ground			draw building base
	Right click->drag on building		move building
	Left click->drag on building side	expand/collapse building
	'1', '2', Scroll Wheel				select building type
	Space Bar (hold)					panoramic view
	'['									stop music
	']'									play music

Carnage
	'aswd'								movement keys
	Mouse								look around
	Left click, Enter					shoot ammo
	'1' through '6', Scroll wheel		Choose ammo type to shoot
	'['                                 stop music
        ']'                             play music
	'n'									play next music track

Results
	'['									stop music


AUDIO DISCLAIMER
----------------------

Two Cities contains music taken from the Newgrounds Audio Portal.
This music is licensed under the Creative Commons license, meaning it
can be used and remixed so long as proper credit is given to the artists
and the music is not used in an application for profit. The following
artists' music tracks were used in the Spring 2010 release of Two
Cities: Aleks Hell, Ben Fischl, DJ Dreamz, DJ Sonik, NemesisTheory,
SamsterProductions, Zeeber85.

Two Cities contains sound effect clips taken from The Freesound Project.
All sound effect clips are licensed under the Creative Commons license,
as stated in the previous paragraph. The following artists' sound
effects were used in the Spring 2010 release of Two Cities: junggle,
aust_paul, THE_bizniss, smcameron, Snipperbes.

Additionally, sound effects from the IBM Model M Keyboard Simulator were
used in the Spring 2010 release of Two Cities. These sound effects are
not being used for commercial profit, only serving to enhance Two Cities
gameplay experience.
